README.md, before:

# 🦾 Software

## 📦 Repository
**Software Repository:** [Link to repository]

---

## 🚀 Project Descriptions

### 🤖 Simulation
Building a prosthesis simulation using ROS2 and Gazebo

### 📸 Scanning
Full scanning pipeline to scan a stump and an arm

### ⚙️ Firmware
Low-level code to control prosthesis

### 🤚 Haptics
Force, texture, and proprioception feedback

### 🎯 Grasping
Audio & vision grasping pipeline

### 🧠 Signal-Merging
EMG/Computer Vision/EEG signal merging

---

# 👥 2025 Winter Semester Team

| 👤 Name | 📋 Project | 📧 Mail | 🔗 LinkedIn |
|---------|-----------|---------|-------------|
| **Darius Giannoli** | Team Leader, Grasping & Audio, Haptics | [darius.giannoli@epfl.ch](mailto:darius.giannoli@epfl.ch) | [Darius's LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/darius-giannoli/) |
| **Gabriel Taieb** | Grasping & Audio | [gabriel.taieb@epfl.ch](mailto:gabriel.taieb@epfl.ch) | [Gabriel's LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/gabriel-taieb/) |
| **Aly Diagne** | Firmware | [aly.diagne@epfl.ch](mailto:aly.diagne@epfl.ch) | [Aly's Linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/aly-diagne-ba2a7a283/) | 
| **Justin Décaillet** | Firmware | [justin.decaillet@epfl.ch](mailto:justin.decaillet@epfl.ch) | [Justin's Linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/justin-décaillet-16890b107/) |
| **Salim Boussofara** | Haptics, Advisor | — | [Salim's Linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/salim-boussofara/) |
| **Aude-Line Fleury** | Haptics | [aude-line.fleury@epfl.ch](mailto:aude-line.fleury@epfl.ch) | [Aude-Line's Linkedin|
| **Pamela van den Enden** | Haptics | [pamela.vandenendenuribe@epfl.ch](mailto:pamela.vandenendenuribe@epfl.ch) | [Pamela's Linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/pamela-van-den-enden-94619693/) |
| **Raki Ben Mustapha** | Haptics | [raki.benmustapha@epfl.ch](mailto:raki.benmustapha@epfl.ch) | [Raki's Linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/raki-ben-mustapha-98371a251/) |
| **Adrien Boschung** | Signal Merging | [adrien.boschung@epfl.ch](mailto:adrien.boschung@epfl.ch) | [Adrien's Linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/adrien-boschung-123abc/) |
| **Orianne Farinelli** | Simulation | [orianne.farinelli@epfl.ch](mailto:orianne.farinelli@epfl.ch) | [Orianne's Linkedin] |
| **Oussama Jaffal** | Simulation | [oussama.jaffal@epfl.ch](mailto:oussama.jaffal@epfl.ch) | [Oussama's Linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/oussama-jaffal/)|
| **Guilherme Ferreira** | Scanning | [guilherme.henriques...@epfl.ch](mailto:guilherme.henriquesdacostaferreira@epfl.ch) | [Guilherme's Linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/guilherme-costa-ferreira-454a95271/) |

---

*Building the future of prosthetic technology* ✨
# Scanning

Commit message:

Revise README header and add project description
Updated repository header and added description.

README.md, after:

# 🦾 Software Repository

## 📦 Description
Software Team in charge of the whole arm's software

---

## 🚀 Project Descriptions

### 🤖 Simulation
Building a prosthesis simulation using ROS2 and Gazebo

### 📸 Scanning
Full scanning pipeline to scan a stump and an arm

### ⚙️ Firmware
Low-level code to control prosthesis

### 🤚 Haptics
Force, texture, and proprioception feedback

### 🎯 Grasping
Audio & vision grasping pipeline

### 🧠 Signal-Merging
EMG/Computer Vision/EEG signal merging

---

# 👥 2025 Winter Semester Team

| 👤 Name | 📋 Project | 📧 Mail | 🔗 LinkedIn |
|---------|-----------|---------|-------------|
| **Darius Giannoli** | Team Leader, Grasping & Audio, Haptics | [darius.giannoli@epfl.ch](mailto:darius.giannoli@epfl.ch) | [Darius's LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/darius-giannoli/) |
| **Gabriel Taieb** | Grasping & Audio | [gabriel.taieb@epfl.ch](mailto:gabriel.taieb@epfl.ch) | [Gabriel's LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/gabriel-taieb/) |
| **Aly Diagne** | Firmware | [aly.diagne@epfl.ch](mailto:aly.diagne@epfl.ch) | [Aly's Linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/aly-diagne-ba2a7a283/) | 
| **Justin Décaillet** | Firmware | [justin.decaillet@epfl.ch](mailto:justin.decaillet@epfl.ch) | [Justin's Linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/justin-décaillet-16890b107/) |
| **Salim Boussofara** | Haptics, Advisor | — | [Salim's Linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/salim-boussofara/) |
| **Aude-Line Fleury** | Haptics | [aude-line.fleury@epfl.ch](mailto:aude-line.fleury@epfl.ch) | [Aude-Line's Linkedin|
| **Pamela van den Enden** | Haptics | [pamela.vandenendenuribe@epfl.ch](mailto:pamela.vandenendenuribe@epfl.ch) | [Pamela's Linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/pamela-van-den-enden-94619693/) |
| **Raki Ben Mustapha** | Haptics | [raki.benmustapha@epfl.ch](mailto:raki.benmustapha@epfl.ch) | [Raki's Linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/raki-ben-mustapha-98371a251/) |
| **Adrien Boschung** | Signal Merging | [adrien.boschung@epfl.ch](mailto:adrien.boschung@epfl.ch) | [Adrien's Linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/adrien-boschung-123abc/) |
| **Orianne Farinelli** | Simulation | [orianne.farinelli@epfl.ch](mailto:orianne.farinelli@epfl.ch) | [Orianne's Linkedin] |
| **Oussama Jaffal** | Simulation | [oussama.jaffal@epfl.ch](mailto:oussama.jaffal@epfl.ch) | [Oussama's Linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/oussama-jaffal/)|
| **Guilherme Ferreira** | Scanning | [guilherme.henriques...@epfl.ch](mailto:guilherme.henriquesdacostaferreira@epfl.ch) | [Guilherme's Linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/guilherme-costa-ferreira-454a95271/) |

---

*Building the future of prosthetic technology* ✨
# Scanning
